scipy
pytest
matplotlib
pandas
numpy

alabaster                 0.7.12                     py_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.0           py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
bleach                    3.1.5              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37h9bfed18_1000    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.4.5.1           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.4.5.1       py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.0           py37h356ff06_0    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4           py37hc8dfbb8_1006    conda-forge
coverage                  5.1              py37h9bfed18_0    conda-forge
cryptography              2.9.2            py37he655712_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.19          py37h570ac47_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h2f22bb5_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.16             py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.9                h4a8c4bd_2    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.2               h8da9a1a_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h46ab8bc_1002    conda-forge
glib                      2.64.3               h577aef8_0    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 h6de7cb9_1    conda-forge
idna                      2.9                        py_1    conda-forge
imagesize                 1.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        1.6.0            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        1.6.0                         0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.3.0            py37h43977f1_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.15.0           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.0           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.1.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.6.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab                2.1.4                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         1.1.5                      py_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py37ha1cc60f_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               h1752a42_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  9.0.1           default_hf57f61e_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    10.0.0               h1af66ff_2    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hcfe32e1_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             h4a8c4bd_1007    conda-forge
libgfortran               4.0.0                         2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h0b31af3_1006    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.1                h7475705_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.9                h3d69b6c_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hbbe82c9_1    conda-forge
libpq                     12.2                 h489d428_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.17               h01d97ff_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               10.0.0               h28b9765_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.32.1           py37h8c7ce04_0  
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h9bfed18_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.2.1                         0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.2.1            py37hddda452_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py37h9bfed18_1001    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 5.6.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.0.6                      py_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               h0a44026_1002    conda-forge
notebook                  6.0.3            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.20              h0a44026_1000    conda-forge
nss                       3.47                 hc0980d9_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.49.1           py37h86efe34_0  
numpy                     1.18.4           py37h7687784_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1g               h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.4               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.0.4            py37h94625e5_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.9.2.1                       0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.7.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 h4a8c4bd_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
pip                       20.1.1                     py_1    conda-forge
pluggy                    0.13.1           py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.5                         0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                   py_1001    conda-forge
py                        1.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20                       py_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py37ha62fc16_3    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtchart                 5.12                     pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.16.0           py37h9bfed18_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pytest                    5.4.2            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
pytest-mock               3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
python                    3.7.6           cpython_h1fd5dd1_6    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     19.0.1           py37haec44b1_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.5               h514805e_3    conda-forge
qtconsole                 4.7.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      1.9.0                      py_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hcfe32e1_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.23.0             pyh8c360ce_2    conda-forge
scipy                     1.4.1            py37hce1b9e5_3    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                47.1.1           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
snowballstemmer           2.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinx                    3.0.4                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-applehelp   1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-devhelp     1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp    1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-jsmath      1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-qthelp      1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml 1.1.4                      py_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               h93121df_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2019.9               ha1b3eb9_1    conda-forge
terminado                 0.8.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hbbe82c9_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py37h9bfed18_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.9                     py_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.2                h6de7cb9_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h0b31af3_1006    conda-forge